(in australian accent)
bonzer! Look what we have here.
It's the
healthtron 2000xl!
Two thousand times the power
of the healthtron 1.0!
This bad
boy does it all.
If you drop your
keys in there,
Kiss them g'day, mate.
But we're going to find out
if it's good enough at making...
- Ultimate thick milkshakes.
- (crowd cheering)
Let's get started!
Banana. Milk.
Choco syrup. Choco chips.
What brings this boy
to the yard?
Triple-churn ice cream,
- That's what.
- Cartoon voice: Yummy!
Let's give it a go.
(record scratching,
booming)
It's real loud!
That's the sound
of health!
Are you using my setup to
film fake infomercials again?
You know the rules.
(in australian accent)
add brownies
For a delish bulking agent!
Crikey!
That's bonzer!
Ripper! Just
one more test.
We need to see if its thick
enough for the ultimate flip.
♪
(in normal voice) oh, get
the spoons! Get the spoons!
Andrew: (in normal voice) not
enough bulking agents!
Camille:
Too much milk!
How could they do
that, dad?
What the f?
It's an outrage.
Can you get over that
spider-man already?
They did auntie may dirty.
I'll never forgive.
- But it's not that.
- Culturefest got cancelled!
What? Why?
Probably because
bob hates me.
This year, it just
happens to land on tet,
And he cancels?
Convenient.
I've been working my butt off on
my presentation about vietnam.
I wanted ong
noi to see it!
Bummer. I was going
to bless the community
With my chicken curry.
Dad, can't you do something
about it? Please?
Oh, buddy, you
don't got to milk
The last drops of your
baby face cuteness for me.
I'm on it. Someone's getting
a phone call
During office
hours tomorrow!
I'm talking about bob.
Nobody was confused.
Man on phone: You've reached
robert "bob" boberts,
Community development
coordinator.
Please leave a
message at the beep.
Thank you. Beep!
Oh! Hi, bob.
It's andrew pham.
You remember me?
You cancelling
culturefest
Is like you cancelling
cultural christmas,
Which makes you
a culture grinch.
Culture grinch.
Oh, that is rich.
You faked your voicemail?
Bob:
It's my vetting system.
Why'd you cancel
culturefest?
On lunar new
year, no less?
I reallocated the funds
into a donor dinner
For the country club.
We had donairs.
You had a donair
donor dinner?
Mm-hmm. Clever, right?
Culturefest
is important!
Representation matters
in our community.
It brings people together...
In togetherness!
Look. I've been doing
culturefest for 20 years.
If people are not
cultured enough by now,
That is on them!
- I can't believe that guy.
- You know, this is
- Right in your ballpark.
- What? Fighting
With crusty
municipal officials?
No, man. No one can pull
together people in togetherness
Like you!
You should run culturefest.
(sighing) I would do
a better job than bob.
We need you, man.
Have you read the neighbourhood
group chats lately?
Oh, I had to
put it on mute
To avoid spoilers to
celebrity cobbler.
Everyone's sad that
culturefest is cancelled.
Is it even a year if
it doesn't happen?
You know what?
I can do it.
I could totally pull
this off.
That's the positive affirmations
I'm talking about, man.
Stephanie, are you
kidding me?
Of course. Alright.
I appreciate this deal.
Thank you so much.
Alright. Bye.
Just locked in
the legion-- for free.
Me and hudson will have to do
their books for a year,
But that's the
barter life, baby!
That's huge. And sebastian
confirmed he will donate
Tables, chairs, and two
pallets of dish soap?
Are you sure he
actually has them?
I asked him to send photos.
Looked like he was in a bunker.
- I did not ask questions.
- Yeah.
How's the event
post doing, khia?
Great. A lot of
people want booths.
Ah, it's all
coming together.
I'm proud of me. No!
I'm proud of us.
Okay. How about
this as the theme?
Togetherness.
- Camille: It's okay.
- Khia: Kind of corny.
I like it.
Camille:
Mm.
(man singing in
foreign language)
Together in
togetherness!
(camera snapping)
Woman:
Andrew!
- Ba, you look so good.
- Rock and roll.
Ma, did you bring any
spring rolls?
There's two coolers
full in the car.
But those are for our
tet celebration at home later.
I made cà ri gà
for my booth.
Actually, some others
also made curry chicken.
Vietnamese style?
You know what, ma?
You do you.
I was going to.
Where's leo? I promised
I'd helped him with his phrases.
Oh, uh, he's around.
Ba, no swear words.
(snapping)
Okay. What are you doing?
Why are you being so weird?
♪
I found a receipt for a
horse carriage ride.
Super problematic
for horses.
- Okay.
- But super romantic.
I think nikhil's going
to propose.
What? That's amazing!
No! I was planning to
propose on valentine's day.
Aw! Since when
are you romantic?
- Since I fell in love, stupid.
- You're stupid.
You're stupid.
Stop it.
I can't let
him beat me to it.
Why are you two so
competitive?
I'm still traumatized
from our last games night.
Because it's our
thing and it's hot.
Okay. I love love, but
that's gross.
- You're gross.
Stop. Just find out when
he's planning on asking me,
And then I
can ask him first.
Yeah. Okay.
- Say it like you mean it!
- Ow! Okay!
So, I saw an open browser
on carol's laptop
For engagement
rings... For men.
- For me.
- (camille gasping)
Oh, my god.
Wow! That's so great!
I didn't know you
two were there yet.
She can't propose
to me. I have to do it.
Isn't that a bit outdated?
Oh, no, no, no.
It's not that. It--
I'm already planning to
propose on valentine's day.
- Oh.
- Yeah. Horse carriage ride,
Flowers, the whole thing.
Right, right, and
you have to beat her to it
So she doesn't
steal your thunder.
- Exactly.
- Hmm.
Yeah. Carol's competitive
about everything,
Especially sex.
That's a team sport,
but, uh I see you.
It's the principle
of it, right?
- Yeah.
- I'll find out
When she's
planning to do it.
Ah. You're the best.
Both:
Shh! Shh! Shh!
Omg. They both want to
propose on valentine's day?
- It's so cliché and exciting!
- (camille squealing)
Does this mean we'll
be more related?
Probably, but not
in a gross way.
(in raspy voice)
family.
Yeah! (squealing)
- Chill.
- Be cool. Be cool. Be cool.
Be cool.
(music playing)
Ow!
(music continuing to play)
Oh, those are
some lovely aromatics.
Oh. Thank you.
And, uh, what do
you got over there?
Oh, I got some,
uh, curry chicken.
Oh.
- Is that chicken curry, linh?
- Yes.
There's a vietnamese
curry chicken?
- The best kind.
- Hmm. Looks like we all brought
Chicken curry.
Oh, but no, no, no, no, no, no.
I brought curry chicken.
That's the way you're
supposed to say it.
Is that right?
Mm-hmm, and it's not
just a dish.
(in jamaican accent)
it's a lifestyle.
(in normal voice) no.
Seriously, it takes a long time
To marinate the meat.
Next-level stuff, so...
(chuckling) you're saying
that to an indian woman. Yeah.
I got the og
chicken curry.
So many spices blended
together perfectly,
It'll make
your taste buds spin.
(stammering) oh,
might be og,
But we perfected
it, so...
Please, don't fight.
They both look and
smell terrible.
Mine's better.
Well, it looks like
we have ourselves
A chicken curry
competition.
No, a curry chicken
You two don't
stand a chance.
- (unclear), move.
- (hudson panting)
Why?
Whoa! Smells
amazing.
- What's going on?
- It's a chicken curry showdown!
- Curry chicken!
- Son, I'm about to destroy
- Your wife and best friend.
- Why so violent?
Did you know they
were making the same thing?
I didn't think
it'd be a problem.
It's not, because my
curry's going to put theirs
- To shame.
- Oh, yeah? Try me.
Hudson:
Yeah. You're going down.
- Camille: You're going down.
- You're going down down.
Camille: No. You're
going to go way down.
- Babe, togetherness.
- Hudson: You're going so down.
Yeah. These meat and potatoes
together in this pot.
Well, the spices
Hey, everyone.
I just want to thank you so
much for all of your hard work.
By the end of this,
We are going to feel
more together than ever,
And that is
the pham guarantee.
(music playing,
cheering)
Okay. Time for the magic.
Doors to culturefest
officially opens
In three, two, one.
(people cheering,
applauding)
Here's bobby!
(people groaning)
(whimpering)
Bob. I thought you washed your
hands of culturefest.
I never wash my hands.
Just came by to see your work.
You need permits for
all of this.
- Oh, do I?
- Mm-hmm.
Got them!
Respect to barb.
It's my classic
culturefest configuration.
I see my influence
weighs heavy around here.
Yeah. That's just what you do
with tables and chairs.
Well, ip infringement aside,
I don't see a
lot of togetherness.
Mostly just conflicting
curry smells.
The togetherness is going to
be coming... Together.
- Bob: Mm.
- Why don't you just, uh,
Enjoy yourself, bob?
That's what today
is all about.
Oh. I certainly
will... Enjoy myself.
♪
I cannot believe bob had
the nerve to show up.
He just came
to stir up trouble.
Don't let him
get under your skin.
Speaking of stirring,
can you help out?
Nikhil's
too distracted!
Babe, no.
Please cool it with the
competitiveness.
Set the example!
The example of failure?
- (andrew sighing)
- sebastian: Hey, buddy.
Some numpty's trying
to hook up their deep fryer
For the curry cook-off,
And I'm no hvac narc,
But I don't think that's
up to code.
Seriously?
I loves a curry
cook-off! (laughing)
(crosstalking indistinctly)
Camille: Try mine.
Try mine. It's (unclear).
(crosstalking indistinctly)
You need to have it
with the naan, though.
(speaking vietnamese) this
isn't a curry cook-off!
So, next Saturday,
How about we go
to the observatory
For the meteor shower?
Eh. I was thinking,
Saturday, we would take
a day trip to bimini cliffs.
Where we had our first date?
Oh, did we? Weird.
(whimpering)
Fun fact: The term "curry" was
coined by the british
As a blanket term
for indian cuisine.
Not sure how
that's fun exactly,
But my curry chicken
was voted by my granny
As second
best next to hers!
Oh, and if you
knew granny June,
You know how
impressive that is.
Oh, I do know granny June,
And I'm still not
that impressed.
Well, looks like we've got, uh,
quite the competition.
How you going
to decide who wins?
- I win.
- No. No. We just--
We haven't figured that
part out yet.
Yeah. We're really focused
on the trash talk.
Well, allow me
to be of service.
Camille:
No, no. Uh-uh-uh.
What? You just always have
a spoon on you?
I refuse to lick ice
cream off a cone.
Okay. Well, you
shouldn't even be here,
- So can you please leave?
- Okay. I'll mark you three down
As not participating.
I'm going to go try
the pakistani chicken curry.
Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa!
Hey, hey, hey, hey!
Curry chicken, and bob,
how about you try some of mine?
- Sure.
- Right? Mannix, let's-- let's--
Yeah.
There you go.
Wow. That has
quite a kick to it.
(chuckling) the
secret ingredient
Is four different peppers.
Well, if you're looking
for flavour and not flames,
You should try mine. (chuckling)
It's got fresh curry leaves,
Known to help with
eyesight and dysentery.
♪
There is a lot of spices.
Nine, to be exact. (laughing)
Overcompensating.
Come here.
I always made this
for my children.
My son would even
eat the bones!
Oh, come on, linh!
It's true!
Oh. Children eat this?
Linh: It's just
lemongrass and shallots.
(indistinct chattering)
- It's, uh, pretty intense, huh?
- Yup.
- Uh, okay.
- Linh: It's mine, right?
- Bob: I got a handful...
- So, uh, how-- how are you?
Hey! Whoa! Hey!
No, no, no, no, no.
Mannix, you can't be
fraternizing with the enemy!
Camille:
Khia, back to the booth.
At least one thing
we agree on.
Hudson:
I know, right?
(both laughing)
- Chicken curry!
- Curry chicken!
Hey. Now, it's time
for our performances.
- (arguing indistinctly)
- andrew: Hey? Hey?
- They did not--
- camille: No.
Hello!
Tell your wife about the time
You ate the bones in my curry!
Ma, I was choking!
Because you ate
them, right?
- Yes.
- Whatever!
Andrew:
Anyway, up first,
We got a little dude who's been
hard at work rep-ing vietnam:
The one, the
only leo pham.
Woman:
Whoo!
- Go, leo!
- Xin chào!
These are some of my
favourite vietnamese things,
Like tet, which is
actually today.
It's our new years',
When the whole family
comes together.
We play games and
eat 'til we explode!
- (several people laughing)
- there are
Many important people in
vietnamese culture,
But my favourite
vietnamese hero is...
American movie
star chuck norris!
- (imitating guns firing)
- what?
- Uh-oh.
- Man: Is that a joke?
Leo: On wikipedia, it says
he's born in the usa,
But in an interview, he says
he was reborn in vietnam.
- You showed him those movies?
- Ha!
He wanted to learn
about the war.
I don't like
to talk about it.
Andrew: Why didn't you
show him something
That wasn't a white
saviour movie?
- There aren't any.
- Okay.
And then chuck norris
secured the capital
- Through martial arts!
- (andrew laughing loudly)
Give it up for leo
pham, everyone!
- But I'm not done yet.
- Your ong noi
Needs to talk to you.
(chuckling)
Uh... Up next,
We have scotland.
(people cheering,
applauding)
I'm only, uh, 1/16th scottish,
Uh, but I think you will all
agree it's the right 1/16th.
(playing bagpipes badly)
(several people moaning)
(continuing to play badly)
♪ baby ♪
(shouting indistinctly)
So, this seems
to all be going well.
No! People aren't honouring
my theme of togetherness.
Hey, if you want to
propose first,
Get up on stage and
do it now,
In front of everyone
in rockridge!
What? Dude, I don't know
these people.
Oh, man.
Bob's boss is here.
Bob: (on speakers) hey,
it's me, bob boberts,
Rockridge community
development coordinator.
- What the--
- bob: Culturefest
Has always been near and
dear to my heart,
So I just want to take
a moment to thank
All the community volunteers
who made this happen.
Now, as your judge,
I am very excited
to announce the winner
Of today's curry cook-off.
Uh, but first, can
I get a glass of milk?
Anybody?
♪
Ah. Now, the winner
Of the first annual bob boberts
chicken curry competition--
Actually, robin, do you want
to come up here on stage
- For this?
- It's Saturday.
- I'm off the clock.
- Such a free spirit.
Okay. And the winner is...
(imitating drum roll)
No! There's no winner!
- (crowd booing, shouting)
- who's wins, man?
See, andrew, if you knew
how to run an event,
You'd know it's for
the people.
That's how you do
togetherness: Through warfare.
Not on my watch.
Crowd: (chanting)
who wins? Who wins?
Who wins? Who wins?
Andrew: Carol! Carol,
come on up here.
Everyone, everyone,
my sister carol
Has a special question she
wants to ask a special someone.
Round of applause
for carol, everybody!
- What are you doing?
- Letting us both win.
(andrew chuckling)
Okay. Hi.
(chuckling)
Yeah. My special question
to my special someone, huh?
Oh, please don't want
to win this bad.
Uh, andrew!
So, how does it feel to
have put all this together?
Uh, excuse me. He
assisted. (chuckling)
Yeah, right, buddy. My
brother tirelessly worked--
With the help
of the community--
To make sure that culturefest
was a very special day.
So?
Uh... Well, I just
want you to know
That I love
this community so much
And seeing all
of you here.
You know, it's like making curry
with chicken as your protein.
All of the different flavours
and techniques we bring to life
Show us that we're actually more
alike than different,
And that's beautiful.
To me, you all win.
- Yeah, andrew pham!
- Babe, I love you!
That's my husband! That's
my husband!
Gee. Okay. Tears
of joy. (laughing)
Let's keep this
party going.
Oh, it looks like
we have a redo, right?
Leo, dad.
Give it up for
my boy, leo pham!
Man:
Yeah, leo!
(crowd cheering)
First off, I
just want to say,
Chuck norris
is not vietnamese.
- Whoo!
- Yes.
Though it's hard for
me to talk about vietnam,
It makes me proud these kid
Want to learn about
their culture.
It's a great gift.
My ong noi taught me a song he
used to sing with my dad
When he was little.
Come on. Come.
(shouting in vietnamese)
Okay. (clearing throat)
(speaking vietnamese)
(singing in vietnamese to
the tune of "frère jacques")
(continuing to sing)
(crowd applauding)
Yeah! Rock and roll!
(cheering)
Maybe competing
was silly.
Yeah. Of course we
think ours is the best.
- It connects us to home.
- And we can be proud of that
Without having to take away
from anyone else.
Yeah. Three-way tie?
Yes.
(hudson laughing)
Nah, man. I still need to
know who bob picked.
Where is that
man? Bob?
I'll be right
back, mannix. Bob!
- Hi!
- Hi.
So, I remember how much you
used to like my mom's cooking.
Saved you some.
Thanks. I, uh,
saved you some, too.
Cool. Thanks.
So, do you,
uh, maybe want to--
Khia, come
to help ba noi!
- I should--
- yeah. Yeah.
Bye.
Andrew?
Oh, hey, robin.
Thanks for coming.
- I hope you had a good time.
- Just to be clear,
Bob had absolutely nothing to do
with organizing this, did he?
(sighing) no. No,
he didn't.
Huh.
Man: (distantly)
I hate-- I hate wasting food.
(chattering indistinctly)
Oh, yeah.
Great. Yes.
(stomach gurgling)
Hudson: Bob! You liked my
curry, bob, right? Bob!
Who won, bob? Bob!
I would say that today
was a huge success,
And sorry for going
into beast mode. (chuckling)
It's okay. I just let bob
get under my skin,
But what's important is that
everyone had a good time.
Togetherness.
(gasping)
oh, babe. Look!
Andrew:
Oh, oh, oh.
Both:
Yes! Ah!
(relatives screaming, cheering)
You both won!
Rock and roll!